h1. Community Plugin Repository for Insight Developer and Insight Operations

h2. What is Insight Developer Edition?

Insight is a VMware® Web application that gives you real-time visibility into application behavior and performance at the code-level. Released as part of vFabric and AppInsight.

* Insight DevEdition answers the question: "What just happened?"
* Insight Operations answers the question: "How does my code perform in production?"

See more at "http://www.springsource.org/insight":http://www.springsource.org/insight

h2. Installing and Using Plugins

Plugins must be copied into the "insight/collection-plugins" directory of an Insight Developer Edition and Insight Dashboard/Agent.

h2. Creating a Plugin

* Clone this code  <code>git clone https://github.com/SpringSource/spring-insight-plugins</code>
* Develop your plugin, using the other plugins as examples, or insight [at] vmware [dot] org for advice
* Make pull request!

h2. Resources

* Checkout our webinar on developing plugins at: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR3CYnryflw
* Tutorial (outdated, new version coming soon!): http://static.springsource.com/projects/tc-server/2.5/devedition/htmlsingle/devedition.html#tutorial-plugin

h2. Requirements for a Plugin

* Must be licensed under ASL 2.0
* Contributor Agreement must be signed at: "https://support.springsource.com/spring_committer_signup":https://support.springsource.com/spring_committer_signup
** Email us the verification number and (Ideally) sign and scan the pdf
* Must have unit tests for aspects ( we have helper classes for this )
* Must include a README.textfile
* Must include a screenshot of the plugin in action
* Nice to Have: some tests for the FreeMarker template
* Nice to Have: should provide a sample webapp so we can easily start testing the plugin

h2. Contact

insight [at] vmware [dot] com
