h1. GemFire plugin for Spring Insight

Spring Insight runs in the SpringSource tc Server. See http://www.springsource.org/insight for details. This plugin adds instrumentation to for web applications that use GemFire (http://www.vmware.com/products/application-platform/vfabric-gemfire/overview.html) through the GemFire Java driver, which typically works outside the normal ORM flow. 

h2. What does it do?

h2. Installing the plugin

Get the code: <code>git clone https://github.com/SpringSource/spring-insight-plugins</code>

Now build it:

<pre>
<code>
cd spring-insight-plugins/collection-plugins/gemfire
mvn clean package
</code>
</pre>

You'll need to have tc Server Developer Edition installed. Let's call the location of that <code>tcServer</code>.

Now copy the plugin jar to the right place under <code>tcServer</code>.

<pre>
<code>
cp target/insight-plugin-gemfire-x.x.jar tcServer/spring-insight-instance/insight/collection-plugins
</code>
</pre>

h2. Running the plugin

# Start up Spring Insight Server as usual (see the Spring tc Server Developer Edition documentation) and make sure your WAR file is loaded. Start your application and make sure it's running.
# Browse to http://localhost:8080/insight to see the Spring Insight dashboard. Click on the Administration button and then _Collection Plug-ins_ under _Reports and Statistics_.
# If you can see the gemfire plugin it's installed and running.
# Run through your application in a way you're sure exercises GemFire. Then go back to the Spring Insight dashboard to see the traces.

Have fun! And let me know what doesn't work well.

h2. Contact

Maintained by the Insight Team insight [at] vmware [dot] com



